[Music]
[Applause]
there will some bus go round and round
round and round round and round there
will some bus go around and round all
day long their wipers on their bus go
swish swish swish swish swish swish
swish swish swish
go swish swish swish all
day red fire
truck bus go open and shut open and shut
open and shut the doors on the bus go
open and shut all day long the horn on
the bus goes beep beep beep beep beep be
beep beep beep they horn on the bus goes
beep beep beep all day long their lights
on their bus
go cool
bus all
day yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
there babies on the bus go yay y y all
day
[Applause]
[Music]
long there wheels on the bus go around
and round round and
round then wheels and the Bus Go Round
And run all through the
[Music]
[Applause]
town they duck in the bus goes quack
quack quack quack quack quack quack
quack quack the duck in the bus goes
quack quack all through the town
[Music]
blue water
tank The Bunny the bus go eat the carrot
eat the carrot eat the carrot The Bunny
The Bus Goes eat they carrot all through
the town
[Music]
[Applause]
the dock in the bus goes woof woof woof
woof woof woof woof woof woof the duck
in the bus goes woof woof woof all
through the town purple police
[Music]
car the heads in the bus goes meow meow
meow meow meow meow meow meow meow the
cat in the bus goes meow meow meow all
through the
town baby
shark baby shark doo do doo doo do baby
shark do do do doo doo baby shark mommy
shark do do do do do mommy shark doo do
doo doo mommy shark doo do do doo doo
mommy shark daddy shark do doo doo doo
doo dooy shark doo doo do doo doo do
shark doo do doo do doo shark Grand
sharkk
[Music]
Granda Granda
shark
Spiderman
Spiderman Spiderman
Wonder
Woman Wonder
Woman Wonder Woman Wonder Woman
Herman her
bman her bman
[Music]
herat
blue
[Music]
purple there will bus go
and
and bus go and all
day wipers on the swish swish swish
swish swish swish swish swish swish the
wiers on their go swish swish swish all
GRE
ambulance
dos open and shut police open and shut
open and shut the doors on the bus go
open and shut all day long purple
excavator beep
[Music]
hoay
hooray there will somay go round and
round and round round and round there us
go and
open and Sh open and Sh open and Sh the
do on the go open and shut all through
[Music]
the on back on
back back dri ons Mo on back all through
town
[Music]
the bus
goes the horn on the
go all through the
town people go up and down up and down
up and down Bab ho
and the
wipers swish swish swish swish swish
swish swish swish swish the wipers The
Bu swish SSH all through the
to
[Music]
hooray there signals on the bus blinkink
blinkink says
[Music]
sh baby shark doo doo doo doo doo sister
shark doo doo doo doo doo doo brother
shark doo doo doo doo doo doo sibling
sharks swiming sharks do doo doo doo doo
doo swimming sharks do doo doo doo doo
do swimming sharks do doo doo doo doo do
sing sharks shark and doo doo doo doo
doo doo shark and doo doo doo doo doo
doo shark doo do shark
ATT run away to do do do do doo run away
do do do do do do run away do do do do
do do run
[Music]
[Applause]
away saving sharks doo doo doo doo doo
saving sharks doo doo doo doo doo saving
sharks do doo do do doo do saving sharks
couching sharks doo doo doo doo doo
catching sharks doo dooo doo doo doo doo
catching sharks doo doo doo doo doo doo
catching sharks racing sharks do doo doo
doo doo doo racing sharks do doo doo doo
doo doo racing sharks do doo doo doo doo
doo racing sharks who will do do doo doo
do will wi do do doo doo do will win do
do do do do do who will win happy sharks
do doo doo doo doo dooo happy sharks doo
dooo doo doo doo doo happy sharks do doo
doo doo doo doo happy sharks red fire
truck yellow school bus Green Dump Truck
blue sports car purple police
car five little monkeys jumping on the B
one fellow and bumped his head mama
called the doctor and the doctor said no
more monkeys jumping on the
back
hooray four little monkeys jumping on
the bed one fellow and B his head mama
called the doctor and the doctor said no
more monkeys jumping on the
[Music]
B
hooray little monkeys jumping on the bed
one fell low and bum his head
mama called the doctor and the doctor
said no more monkeys jumping on the back
[Music]
[Applause]
hoay red fire
Tru m
BS
monkeys on green garbage truck
[Music]
ho blue water tank
hoay little
monkey purple dumb
[Music]
truck the doctor and the doctor said put
those monkeys right
[Applause]
[Music]
five little monkeys jumping on the bed
one fell low and bumped his head mama
called the doctor and the doctor said no
more monkeys jumping on the back
[Music]
four little monkeys jumping on the bed
one fell low and BM his head mama the
doctor the doctor said
noping on
the yellow school bus
Circle
mon one
fell M the doctor and
the purple police car
monkeys
on orange
cren
cross green dub trucks two little mon is
jumping on
the and
buang Mama the doctor and
the monkeys Jing on the black cement
[Applause]
[Music]
mixer it's so nice
hey shark doo doo doo doo doo doo sister
shark do doo doo doo doo doo brother
shark doo doo doo doo doo dooing sharks
sing sharks doo doo doo doo doo doo
swiming sharks doo doo doo doo doo doo
swiming sharks doo doo do doo doo doo
doo swimming sharks shark at doo doo doo
doo doo doo shark ATT doo doo doo doo
doo doo shark doo doo do do do shark
attack run the way doo doo doo do do do
run away do do do do do away do do do do
do run
away four
[Music]
wonderful five
okay sharks doo doo doo doo doo saving
sharks doo doo doo doo doo saving sharks
doo doo doo doo doo saving sharks cing
sharks doo doo doo doo doo doo cing
sharks do doo doo doo doo doo cing
sharks doo doooo doo doo doo doo
catching sharks racing sharks doo doo
doooo doo doo dooo racing sharks doo doo
doo doo doo doo doo racing sharks doo
dooo doo doo doo doo racing sharks wooho
will wi doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
doo doo doo doo who will win doo doo doo
doo doo doo who will win happy sharks
doo doo do doo doo do happy sharks doo
dooo doo doo doo doo happy sharks doo
dooo doo doo doo doo happy sharks
no
no no
problem
okay oh my
gosh
yes
and and round round and round there will
some bu go around and round
all
day wi on go swish swish swish swish
swish swish swish swish
swish swish swish
swish open and shut open and
shut red fire
Tru yellow school bar all
[Music]
day blue water
tank purple dumb truck so
nice the lights on the bus go blink
blink blink blink blink blink blink
blink blink their lights on their bus go
blink blink blink all all
[Music]
day
byebye there was a farmer had a dog and
Bingo was his name oh b i n g o b i n g
o b
i n o Mingo was his name
[Music]
yellow there was a farmer had a dog and
Bingo was his
name
green i
n i n ho am bingo was his name
[Music]
oh there was a farmer had a dog and
Bingo was his
name
[Music]
ho
ho and bingo his
name purple
[Music]
there was a farmer had a dog and Bingo
was his name
[Music]
[Applause]
oh blacko and Bingo was his
[Music]
name there was a farmer haded dog and
Bingo was here his
[Music]
name five Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall
one Humpty Dumpty had a great ball
olding horses and olding men couldn't
put H together
again for humpy dump on a wall one
Humpty Dumpty had a great fall all the
king's horses and king's men couldn't
put Humpty together
[Music]
again three
hump on
a had a great old the horses and
oldp orange pumpkin
[Music]
two Humpty DP set on a wall one Humpty
dpy had a
great horses and
olding
good
together green
watermelon one hump dump on one hump DP
a gra old horses and old
good and put H together
[Music]
again
yellow hump
DP horses and all theing men good for
HED together
[Music]
again purple
strawberry
[Applause]
[Music]
y
okay
babyk
babyk babyk it's so nice do do do do
mommy sh do do do do mommy sh do do
mommy sh you're
[Music]
so
daddy
[Music]
daddy so
nice red fire truck I like it
okay yes
hooray you're so cute
you no
problem yellow
school oh my
[Music]
God
mmy mommy green monster truck wonderful
[Music]
blue dump truck so
nice
[Music]
yeah
oh yes
purple police truck you're so
cute
wow what a wonderful
[Music]
day wheels on the bus go round and round
round and round round and round their
wheels on the bus go round and round all
through the town red
[Music]
okay the duck in the bus goes quack
quack quack quack quack quack quack
quack quack the duck in the bus goes
quack quack quack all through the town
nice
[Music]
[Applause]
they in the bus eat the carrot eat the
carrot eat the carrot the Bunning The Bu
eat the carrot all through the
town blue
[Music]
purple wonderful they duck in the bus
goes
woof
woooof woof woof woof the duck in the
bus goes woof woof woof all through the
[Music]
[Applause]
town the cat in the bus goes meow meow
meow meow meow meow meow meow meow the
cat in the bus goes meow me me all
through the
[Music]
town their wheels on the bus go round
and round round and round round and
round the wheels on the bus go round and
round all through the
town red fire
[Music]
truck yellow school
bus green garbage truck
blue water
[Music]
tank purple police
car thank you bye-bye
[Music]
will some the bus go and
round and round round and round their
wheels and bus go round and round all
day
long the wipers on the bus go swish
swish swish swish swish swish swish
swish swish the wipers on their Mas go
swish swish swish all day
the doors on the bus go open and shut
open and shut open and shut the doors on
the bus go open and shut all day
long the horn on the bus goes beep beep
beep beep beep beep beep beep beep the
horn on the bus goes beep beep beep all
day
along their lights on their bus go blink
blink blink blink bling bling blink
blink blink their lights on their bus go
blink blink blink all day
long there bab on the bus go yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah there
babies on their bus go yay yay yay all
day long
there was a farmer had a dog and Bingo
was his name o b i n g o b i n g b red
fire truck n m Bingo was his name Mo
yellow school
[Music]
bus green
tractor there was a farmer haded dog and
Bingo was his
name I purple police car
I
I and Bingo was
[Music]
[Applause]
okay
mon on
the
go
monkeys on the B yeah and the
monkey in the bed it's so nice one fell
off and bu said I
[Music]
like red fire
truck
[Music]
M jumping on the bed
yellow school BS you're so
[Music]
cute green garbage truck so nice Mony
dumy on the
said Mama
[Music]
the no more monkeys
jump
[Music]
yes
Yoo you're so
cute
hoay purple dumb truck y
[Music]
y there bus go
and and
round and round wheel some bus go around
and round all day long the wipers on the
go swish swish swish swish
swish s SSH okay wipers on their swish
swish swish all day
long open and
Sh and Sh do on the bus open and shut
all day long they BN on the so
nice I like it
they horn on the B go beep beep beep all
day long they
like green
truck bu bling
BL all day long so C baby
bu purple
[Music]
ambulance babies on their bus go yay yay
yay all day
[Music]
long little monkeys jumping on
the head Mama's be
[Music]
more monke jumping on the back
orange
okay yes poor little monkeys
jumping one fell and bumped his head
mama no more monkeys jumping on the back
Yahoo purple
yes three little mon J the one fell and
bumped his head mama called the doctor
and the doctor
said more monkeys jumping on the back
you're so
cute three
hooray four yeah little monkeys jumping
on the one fell low and bumped his head
mama the doctor and the red fire
truck
monkeys on the
hoay orange school bus okay
one little monkey jumping on Gage truck
one fell
andm water
tank mon right to
[Music]
bed purple dump truck hooray
five little monkeys jumping on the one
fell off and bumped his head mama called
the doctor and the doctor said no more
monkeys jumping on the bed
[Music]
little mon jumping on the bed one fell L
and bumped his head M the doctor and the
doctor said no more monkeys jumping on
the yellow hoay
monke is jumping on the back one fell
and bumped his head mama doctor the
doctor said no more monkeys jumping on
their
[Applause]
[Music]
back two little monke jump on the back
one fell low and bumped his head mama
the doctor and the doctor said no more
monkeys jumping on thep
[Music]